{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green116\blue0;\red14\green14\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww9600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 iRF Explorer\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/dirkx/iRF-Explorer"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs24 \cf0 https://github.com/dirkx/iRF-Explorer\
}}\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rf-explorer.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs24 \cf0 http://www.rf-explorer.com/\
}}\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc

\fs24 \cf0 \
Dirk-Willem van Gulik\
dirkx(at)webweaving(dot)org\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\qc

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 Protocol details from:\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/rfexplorer/wiki/RFExplorerRS232Interface"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 http://code.google.com/p/rfexplorer/wiki/RFExplorerRS232Interface}}\
\cf2 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://code.google.com/p/rfexplorer/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://code.google.com/p/rfexplorer/}}\cf3 \
\cf2 \
Hold down the 'ALT' key during startup to add a simulated 'audio demo' devices to the list.\
\

\f2\b \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 Caveats for Scientists and Engineers\

\f1\b0 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 \
Word of Warning: There are several places in this application where we are not taking the sort of precautions one ought to take. E.g. we sum sequences of small numbers and divide them without ado (in the spectogram) or checking for float/double overflow. Likewise - we're not systematically casting negative/positive numbers identical; and the age's in the spectogram are only re-calibrated every dozen or so cycles. Resizing windows will reset some of the running averages. However the good news is that you get the source code. Fork on github or mail me your changes. Love merging them in.\
\
Furthermore - we're not attempting to get the RBM right; and simply assume or plot the centre of the band (like the device itself does). Nor do we accommodate for the different widths across the scale. When in doubt see google-groups (archoll's mails) and the datasheet of the transceiver.\
\

\f2\b \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 Hints for Hackers
\f1\b0 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 \
\
You can find the source code on the above github project. Feel free to fork and hack. I appreciate patches and pull requests; but it is an Open Source - so that is entirely your call. Nothing is expected. Note that you can use defaults(1) to set "cmdLog", "commsLog" and "commsDebug" to get a bit of an idea of what the RF Explorer and the computer are whispering to each other.\
\

\f2\b \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 Licenses and Liability
\f1\b0 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 \
\
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\cf0  \cf2 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 You may obtain a copy of the License at\cf0 \
\cf2 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0}}\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\qc
\cf2 \
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\cf0  \cf2 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\cf0 \
\cf2 \
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\cf0  \cf2 limitations under the License.\
\
\
Scale Legend Algorithm \
from 'The Grammar of Graphics',  L Wilkinsons, Chapter 6. Based on the flash/flex code example in BirdEye.org; which is/was\cf0  \cf2 under {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php."}}{\fldrslt \cf3 http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php}}.\
\
Audio FFT in demo device\
 \
from sc_listener_lib and used under the license:\
(c) 2009-* Stephen Celis, <stephen@stephencelis.com>.\
(c) 2010-* Jared Kells, <jkells@gmail.com>.\
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\
\cf3 \
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\qc
\cf3 \
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural
\cf2 \
}